Add querystring_search get method (#1616)
plone/plone.restapi: docs/source/endpoints/querystringsearch.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    'description': 'The @querystring-search endpoint returns search results that can be filtered on search criteria.'
    'property=og:description': 'The @querystring-search endpoint returns search results that can be filtered on search criteria.'
    'property=og:title': 'Querystring Search'

>     'keywords': 'Plone, plone.restapi, REST, API, Querystring, Search'

Reviewer: Please revert the above changes, and adjust your editor settings.

---

# Querystring Search

The `@querystring-search` endpoint returns search results that can be filtered on search criteria.

> Call the `/@querystring-search` endpoint with a `POST` or a `GET`. When using the `POST` request you provide a query in the request body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the `/@querystring-search` endpoint with either a `POST` or `GET` request.

When using the `POST` request, provide a query in the request body:
```

:language: http
```

> When using the `GET` request you provide the query as a json urlencoded string as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `GET` request, provide the query as a JSON URL-encoded string as a parameter.
```
